the skill I'm about to demonstrate is
passive range of motion to the shoulder
hello mr. West how are you what I need
to do is some passive range of motion on
your shoulder
what that means is I'm going to be
exercising your shoulder joint now if at
any time this hurts sir please let me
know when I will stop okay okay let me
go ahead and give you some fries I'm
just going to put your bed up to a good
working height for me
and I will be doing this in reps of
three and as I said if at anytime it
hurts because we certainly don't want to
overextend the joint if it goes please
let me know and I will discontinue but
I'd like to start with as I'm going to
support your hand on your arm right here
at the wrist and also at the elbow joint
I'm going to bring this arm up even with
your ear and then we're going to go back
down okay are you ready yes
that's too
great how was that fun okay now sir what
I'm going to do is I'm going to do
something called abduction I'm going to
take your shoulder and pull it out this
way even with the shoulder then when
we'll come back we'll add duct meaning
bringing it to your body as I said
previously if it hurts let me know
to
and great students you do not want to
extend this farm that's too far just for
the shoulder okay sir how is Sam all
right let me put your bedding down to
the lowest position here is your call
light just in case you need anything you
need the head of your bed okay open your
privacy okay mr. West if you don't need
anything else I wash my hands and I'll
be out of your hair thank you very much
and you're very welcome I'm washing my
hands and that concludes range of motion
to the shoulder